# Town rank

Here is the translation from Swedish to English:

Ranks and Town Leadership In a town, there are a number of predetermined ranks or levels. The number and type of ranks held may vary between towns. In addition to regular members, there are four ranks, each with different rights and duties. The exact chat commands available to each rank are described in the lists under the heading "Chat Commands" in the library's main menu.

Mayor \[B] There must be at least one to have the town. Note - From January 1, 2018, there can only be one mayor in a new town. Old towns may still have multiple mayors for the time being. Is responsible for everything that happens in the town. Can use all commands available for towns. Can appoint all lower ranks. 1.1. Tips for new mayors: When you are a mayor, life suddenly feels a bit freer and you may feel a greater power and control. For some, this may mean that other players want to join and will ask or nag for ranks from you and in your town. Before you start handing out ranks, think about who you are giving them to. We have encountered problems several times when being a bit too kind and giving a high rank to an unknown player who promises to help in the town, only to then destroy and steal resources and quickly leave the town. Previously, there could be multiple mayors, and as the owner of the town, you could risk being kicked out and lose everything. This is no longer possible as we only allow one (1) mayor in all new towns.

1.2. DO NOT bring in unknown players as Vice Mayor. That rank is for players you actually know or can trust. It doesn't guarantee anything, but it minimizes the chances of you having problems with the town. Also consider who you give assistant rank to. Ranks give players different opportunities in the town, and not all players are there to seriously run the town but are only there to grief or destroy. Avoid being exposed to them by being careful with handing out ranks. The higher the rank, the more cautious you should be.

Let players prove first that they are worthy of a rank. Check with /p info playername how long the player has been on Kottcraft. Ask if they have had a rank before. TIPS - if a player in the chat begs/nags to get a rank, take it as a sign that the player should not have one.

Vice Mayor \[b] Supports the mayor in administering the town - there can be several so the town gets the support it needs. Can use most commands for a town. Represents the mayor if the mayor is not logged in. Can appoint and manage ranks except for the highest mayor rank. Assistant \[a] Is the mayor's assistant and assists in various tasks. Often has building responsibility. Should be able to help members of the town with, for example, plots. Can create new plots and modify existing ones. Can change the permission flags on all plots. Can change the permission flags in the town. Can kick and ban players from the town. Can take over a new town.

Assistant \[a] Is the mayor's assistant and assists in various tasks Often has building responsibility Should be able to help members of the town with, for example, plots Can create new plots and modify existing ones Can change the permission flags on all plots Can change the permission flags in the town Can kick and ban players from the town Can take over new town land Can archive players' chests Should be considered as a player who can be trusted

Inviter \[i] Is responsible for inviting other players to the town Can put plots on the market, determine their names, and give out plots to players
