# 1.4.0 (1.21 Release)

&#x20;Our server is now updated to Minecraft **1.21**, featuring the new content, including the Trail Chambers! Remember, you can still join using older versions, but we recommend updating to experience everything the update has to offer.

**Hint**: The underground chambers are often located outside shorelines and rarely in the deep open ocean.

**Plugin Updates:**

* **Paths:**
  * `Speed 3` instead of `speed 2`
  * `2.3s` duration instead of `1s.`
  * Added Cracked Stone Bricks as a Fast-Walking block.
* **QuickShop: new version**
* Subcommands: _`/quickshop`_ or `/shop`
  * `setowner <player>` - _Change the Shop Owner_
  * `find <item>` - _Find the nearest shop that sells items that start with the provided text. E.g. /quickshop find dia will find the nearest shop that buys/sells diamonds._
  * `staff` - _Manage staff in your shop._
  * `staff add/remove <player>` - _Add/remove a player as staff to your shop._
  * `size` - _Change the bulk size._
  * `benefit` - _View and manage your shop benefits._
  * `name` - _Naming or un-naming a shop with a specific name._
  * `transfer` - _Transfer ALL shops from one player to another._ **Note**: All shops have been de-activated as a fresh start.
* Creating new shops is **Free** New shop features will be added in the future! Stay tuned!
* **Towny:**&#x20;
* Subcommands: _`/plot district`_
  * `create`|`new` \[name]: creates a new district with the given name.
  * `add` {name}: adds a townblock to the given district, if you are actively adding to a distric you do not need to continue supplying the name.
  * `rename` \[name]: changes the name of a district.
  * `remove`: removes the townblock you are stood in from a district.
  * `delete`: deletes the district in which you are stood.

**Misc:**

* **Dynmap** chat no longer time-out, chat history will stay and you can **scroll**. Click [**here**](https://modrinth.com/plugin/quickshop-hikari) to view the new QuickShop \*\*plugin \*\*and commands, Click [**here**](https://wiki.nordics.world/misc/changelog-updates/1.4-1.21-update/1.4.0-1.21-release) to view full **patchnote**

## Non-Discord notes

* Removed Give Recipe on join. (Result with error)
* Removed Animated-Doors. (Not working in 1.21)
* Added World Border (Spawnpoint has been set on the Golden Bridge)
* Removed Dynmap clutter (outside the border)
* Changed 30 player limit to 15.
* Updated Serverlist Text to 1.21
* Removed XP Bottles from Enchantment table (re-adding when updated)



